com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/AngleUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.AngleUtils
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.AngleUtils$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.AngleUtils$2
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/movement/PathExecutor.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.movement.PathExecutor
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.movement.PathExecutor$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.movement.PathExecutor$PlayerState
com/jelly/MightyMiner/features/TrainTravel.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.TrainTravel
com/jelly/MightyMiner/render/BlockRenderer.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.render.BlockRenderer
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/calculations/AStarPathFinder.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.calculations.AStarPathFinder
com/jelly/MightyMiner/config/aotv/AOTVWaypointsStructs.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.config.aotv.AOTVWaypointsStructs
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.config.aotv.AOTVWaypointsStructs$Waypoint
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.config.aotv.AOTVWaypointsStructs$WaypointList
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/BlockUtils/OffsetBox.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.BlockUtils.OffsetBox
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/config/PathFindSetting.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.config.PathFindSetting
com/jelly/MightyMiner/hud/CommissionMacroHUD.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.hud.CommissionMacroHUD
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/HypixelUtils/MineUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$10
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$11
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$12
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$13
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$14
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$15
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$16
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$17
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$18
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$19
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$2
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$20
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$21
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$3
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$4
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$5
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$6
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$7
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$8
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.MineUtils$9
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/DrawUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.DrawUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/MightyMiner.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.MightyMiner
com/jelly/MightyMiner/features/PingAlert.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.PingAlert
com/jelly/MightyMiner/features/Autosell.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.Autosell
com/jelly/MightyMiner/handlers/KeybindHandler.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.handlers.KeybindHandler
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/structures/BlockNode.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.structures.BlockNode
com/jelly/MightyMiner/events/ReceivePacketEvent.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.events.ReceivePacketEvent
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/config/BaritoneConfig.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.config.BaritoneConfig
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/client/ChunkMixin.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.client.ChunkMixin
com/jelly/MightyMiner/command/BaritoneDebug.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.command.BaritoneDebug
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/Utils/MathUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.Utils.MathUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/Utils/ThreadUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.Utils.ThreadUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/network/MixinNetworkManager.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.network.MixinNetworkManager
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/BlockUtils/BlockData.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.BlockUtils.BlockData
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/structures/SemiPath.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.structures.SemiPath
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/calculations/behaviour/PathFinderBehaviour.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.calculations.behaviour.PathFinderBehaviour
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/HittableUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HittableUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/features/Failsafes.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.Failsafes
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/structures/BlockType.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.structures.BlockType
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/Timer.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.Timer
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/structures/Node.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.structures.Node
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/HypixelUtils/ComissionUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.ComissionUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/world/GameState.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.world.GameState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.world.GameState$EffectState
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/HypixelUtils/WarpCoordinateUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.WarpCoordinateUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/path/AOTVPaths.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.path.AOTVPaths
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/MixinLoader.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.MixinLoader
com/jelly/MightyMiner/gui/AOTVWaypointsPage.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.gui.AOTVWaypointsPage
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.gui.AOTVWaypointsPage$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.gui.AOTVWaypointsPage$CategoryList
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.gui.AOTVWaypointsPage$Route
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.gui.AOTVWaypointsPage$RouteWaypoint
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.gui.AOTVWaypointsPage$Waypoint
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.gui.AOTVWaypointsPage$WaypointCategory
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/NotificationHelper.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.NotificationHelper
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/client/MixinChunkProviderClient.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.client.MixinChunkProviderClient
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/Utils/ReflectionUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.Utils.ReflectionUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/config/MiningType.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.config.MiningType
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/HypixelUtils/ScoreboardUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.ScoreboardUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/config/aotv/Root.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.config.aotv.Root
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/TablistUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.TablistUtils
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.TablistUtils$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.TablistUtils$PlayerComparator
com/jelly/MightyMiner/macros/Macro.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.Macro
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/BlockUtils/Box.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.BlockUtils.Box
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/structures/Path.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.structures.Path
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/movement/Moves.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.movement.Moves
com/jelly/MightyMiner/config/aotv/AOTVWaypoints.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.config.aotv.AOTVWaypoints
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.config.aotv.AOTVWaypoints$1
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/client/MixinModList.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.client.MixinModList
com/jelly/MightyMiner/command/AOTVWaypointsCommands.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.command.AOTVWaypointsCommands
com/jelly/MightyMiner/player/Rotation.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.player.Rotation
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/UngrabUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.UngrabUtils
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.UngrabUtils$1
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/HypixelUtils/SkyblockInfo.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.SkyblockInfo
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.SkyblockInfo$MAPS
com/jelly/MightyMiner/macros/macros/PowderMacro.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.PowderMacro
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.PowderMacro$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.PowderMacro$2
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.PowderMacro$3
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.PowderMacro$4
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.PowderMacro$State
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.PowderMacro$TreasureState
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/calculations/exceptions/NoPathException.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.calculations.exceptions.NoPathException
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/calculations/exceptions/ChunkLoadException.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.calculations.exceptions.ChunkLoadException
com/jelly/MightyMiner/config/Config.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.config.Config
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/structures/GridEnvironment.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.structures.GridEnvironment
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/calculations/AStarCalculator.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.calculations.AStarCalculator
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.calculations.AStarCalculator$1
com/jelly/MightyMiner/gui/AOTVGemstoneFilter.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.gui.AOTVGemstoneFilter
com/jelly/MightyMiner/events/ChunkLoadEvent.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.events.ChunkLoadEvent
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/VectorUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.VectorUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/HypixelUtils/FastMineUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.FastMineUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/handlers/MacroHandler.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.handlers.MacroHandler
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/logging/Logger.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.logging.Logger
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/client/PlayerControllerMixin.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.client.PlayerControllerMixin
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/BlockUtils/BlockUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.BlockUtils.BlockUtils
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.BlockUtils.BlockUtils$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.BlockUtils.BlockUtils$BlockSides
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/LogUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.LogUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/client/MixinGlassPane.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.client.MixinGlassPane
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/network/MixinNetHandlerPlayClient.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.network.MixinNetHandlerPlayClient
com/jelly/MightyMiner/waypoints/WaypointHandler.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.waypoints.WaypointHandler
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/HypixelUtils/NpcUtil.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.HypixelUtils.NpcUtil
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/forge/MixinConfiguration.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.forge.MixinConfiguration
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/InventoryUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.InventoryUtils
com/jelly/MightyMiner/macros/macros/MithrilMacro.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.MithrilMacro
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.MithrilMacro$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.MithrilMacro$MiningSpeed
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.MithrilMacro$StaffCheckState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.MithrilMacro$UseItem
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/Clock.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.Clock
com/jelly/MightyMiner/events/BlockChangeEvent.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.events.BlockChangeEvent
com/jelly/MightyMiner/waypoints/Waypoint.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.waypoints.Waypoint
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/AutoMineBaritone.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.AutoMineBaritone
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.AutoMineBaritone$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.AutoMineBaritone$BaritoneState
com/jelly/MightyMiner/macros/macros/CommissionMacro.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$2
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$3
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$ClickState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$ComissionType
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$EmissaryState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$EmissaryWarpState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$KillingState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$MiningSpeed
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$MiningState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$NavigatingState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$NavigatingWarpState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$OpenPigeonState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$PickonimbusState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$PigeonState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$PullItemState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$PullState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$ReWarpState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$RotateToEmissaryState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$StaffCheckState
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$State
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$Target
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$TypeOfCommission
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$UseItem
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.CommissionMacro$WarpToEmissaryState
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/config/WalkBaritoneConfig.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.config.WalkBaritoneConfig
com/jelly/MightyMiner/features/FuelFilling.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.FuelFilling
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.FuelFilling$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.FuelFilling$states
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/calculations/behaviour/PathMode.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.calculations.behaviour.PathMode
com/jelly/MightyMiner/mixins/accessors/RenderGlobalAccessor.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.mixins.accessors.RenderGlobalAccessor
com/jelly/MightyMiner/player/ContinuousRotator.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.player.ContinuousRotator
com/jelly/MightyMiner/hud/MobKillerHUD.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.hud.MobKillerHUD
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/BlockUtils/AOTVBlockData.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.BlockUtils.AOTVBlockData
com/jelly/MightyMiner/macros/macros/AOTVMacro.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.AOTVMacro
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.AOTVMacro$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.AOTVMacro$MiningSpeed
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.AOTVMacro$State
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.AOTVMacro$UseItem
com/jelly/MightyMiner/features/PlayerESP.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.PlayerESP
com/jelly/MightyMiner/features/MobKiller.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.MobKiller
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.MobKiller$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.MobKiller$CurrentKey
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.MobKiller$States
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.features.MobKiller$Target
com/jelly/MightyMiner/macros/macros/GemstoneMacro.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.GemstoneMacro
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.GemstoneMacro$1
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.GemstoneMacro$2
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.GemstoneMacro$MiningSpeed
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.macros.macros.GemstoneMacro$UseItem
com/jelly/MightyMiner/baritone/automine/calculations/exceptions/NoBlockException.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.baritone.automine.calculations.exceptions.NoBlockException
com/jelly/MightyMiner/utils/PlayerUtils.java
 com.jelly.MightyMiner.utils.PlayerUtils
